>> Kadi Kraman: So, so
far we have been building in Expo Go.
This is actually a pretty common workflow.
So when you start your new app,
you open it in Expo Go because
you can get started instantly.
You might install some libraries and
then build some UI.
And sooner or later, and
usually it's sooner,
you might want to add something that
isn't possible to do with Expo Go.
So recall Expo Go is a sandbox.
So a React Native app
consists of two parts.
So we have our JavaScript bundle.
So this is the thing that we're
live reloading with npx-expo-start.
And then we have our native app bundle.
So this is the part that's actually
installable on your iOS or Android phone.
So currently, our JavaScript bundle
is the MPEG expert start and
the native app bundle has been Expo Go.
But Expo Go is a pre-built app.
We've downloaded it from the App Stores,
so
it has a finite amount of
native libraries pre-installed.
Admittedly, there's quite a lot that
you can do to get started with.
In fact, a good reference is
if you go to the Expo docs and
look at the Expo SDK, then most of these
libraries are included in Expo Go.
So there's quite a lot you
can use to get started with.
But there's also things
that you can't use.
So, anything that isn't already
pre-bundled in Expo Go.
Also, you can't use different
versions of libraries than what is
available in Expo Go.
You also can't use libraries
like Inner Purchase or
Reactive VisionCamera or
analytics will be replicated firebase or
quick actions because they
require native configuration.
And another reason why migrating
off of Expert Go sooner
rather than later might be
useful is that on iOS you
can only use the latest
published Expo SDK version.
So right now we are on Expo SDK 51.
So Expo Go supports
exactly one SDK version.
So it will be the latest.
So once SDK 52 gets published,
then we'll upload a new version
of Expo Go to the App Stores.
And it will only load projects
that are using Expo SDK 52.
So if you are using Expo Go for
development,
that means that you would need to
immediately upgrade your app in
order to continue
developing on the iPhone.
I say on the iPhone because
we have this expert.dev/go,
this little page that lets
you install Expo Go for
all their SDK versions.
The problem is this doesn't
work on physical iOS phones.
And that is another Apple restriction.
Apple doesn't allow you to install
arbitrary apps on your phone
without going to the App Store.
And you can't install all the versions
of apps from the App Store.
So that's why if I go to
SDK 50 on iOS device,
it actually tells you
that it's not available.
So those are the two main
restrictions of using Expo Go.
And why development builds are awesome.
So what is a development build?
Think of it as your own customizable
version of Expo Go with just
native libraries installed that you
actually need for your project.
So, we're going to continue building
the JavaScript bundle as before,
but we're just swapping out the native app
bundle from Expo Go to the one that we
build ourselves.
I guess the important thing to
mention is that you can get
around building this app locally
if you build in the cloud with EI.
But it is really useful to just
know how to build it locally.
It is possible, in case you want
to debug something locally or
you don't have internet access.
You want to just build on a simulator or
emulator or
if you want to work on a native module.